Update garbage-collection-etw-events.md (#40366)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/performance/garbage-collection-etw-events.md

|Event|Event ID|Raised when|
|-----------|--------------|-----------------|

> |`GCAllocationTick_V2`|10|Each time approximately 100 KB is allocated per object heap, ie, SOH, LOH and POH accumulate their allocated bytes separately. In Server GC case this is done per heap.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`GCAllocationTick_V2`|10|Each time approximately 100 KB is allocated per object heap. That is, SOH, LOH, and POH accumulate their allocated bytes separately. In Server GC, this is done per heap.|
```

|Event|Event ID|Raised when|
|-----------|--------------|-----------------|

> |`GCAllocationTick_V2`|10|Each time approximately 100 KB is allocated per object heap, ie, SOH, LOH and POH accumulate their allocated bytes separately. In Server GC case this is done per heap.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`GCAllocationTick_V2`|10|Each time approximately 100 KB is allocated per object heap. That is, SOH, LOH, and POH accumulate their allocated bytes separately. In Server GC, this is done per heap.|
```
